{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22580\viewh10200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Reflect on the agile/scrum process. What are it's started goals? Based on your project so far, is that process achieving those goals for your team? Why/Why not?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}After the client meeting I think the team together has made a lot of progress. We have reached our goal of snippet searching and our next approach is to focus on testing and user experience. The project itself is a huge one, but we are slowly turning the search algorithm into a reality. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Reflect on your communication with your community partner. Do you think you are on the same page? Why/why not?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}We communicate with our community partner quite often through emails. Our meetings have gone smoothly. We spent a large amount of time in the meeting confirming our research and build direction and our community partner is very clear about what we are trying to achieve.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Look back at your hopes and fears from the previous reflection. Have your hopes and fears changed? How? Why?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Well the team still faces communication problem but we just had a meeting only discussing communication problem and finding solution to it. The team has become much better after the meeting and everyone is clear on what they are doing.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}